they told you everything was waiting for
you I told you everything was set in
stone
so would it be 340 plus you and me but I
mixed up the cakes with the cookies and
the saucers with the scales
no Raven sorry I wasn't really listening
it's just Dexter finally asked me out I
want this day to be just right then I
know just the right person to thank you
how you asked Raven out Oh Oh what have
I done
girl trouble little blondie thanks for
coming I know you're getting ready for
your big mirror cast I smell good I'm
sorry toots but I don't work here
anymore anyway the thing is I've got
this date tonight with Dexter what were
you saying well I've got this date well
a date okay let's pretend I'm him
and you're you but I am me I see you and
say you just tonight you hesitated both
what's wrong with me
it's going to be a disaster listen to me
little bro you're a charming all you
need is your knockout smile
okay let me try really for example that
way over there he's too funny that boy
parts hair too far over in the left he
chooses food too loudly his happen and
once you flashed your killer smile
there's more to it just be awesome